Feature/connection (#32)
itk-dev-rpa/OpenOrchestrator: README.md

Package is located at https://pypi.org/project/OpenOrchestrator/

## Usage for Orchestrator admins
This module is used to run Orchestrator or Scheduler from the command line.

`python -m OpenOrchestrator -o`  for orchestrator.

`python -m OpenOrchestrator -s`  for scheduler.

## Usage for RPA developers
Import the connection module to your RPA code and get access to the orchestrator methods;

- logging status to OpenOrchestrator
- getting credentials and constants from OpenOrchestrator

> - creating, getting and updating job elements the queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- creating, getting and updating job elements in a queue
```

Run the code with arguments
```bash

> python run.py "my_process" "Driver={ODBC Driver 17 for SQL Server};Server=SRVSQLHOTEL03;Database=MKB-ITK-RPA;Trusted_Connection=yes;" "<secret key>" "arg1,arg2,arg3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python run.py "<process name>" "<connection string>" "<secret key>" "<arguments>"
```
